Hello everybody and welcome back.
At the moment our target your is currently being set in code so whatever the initial your plus 90 degrees
is.
So what I really want to do is expose this value to the editor meaning that we can set each door individually
to open up.
It's very straightforward to do that.
So let's go ahead and pick our target your here.
Now all I have to do is type above it you property open up parentheses and type in edit anywhere.
Now at the moment that we do this and save our file go back over into unreal and compile when we select
our door go to the open door.
Now at the moment there isn't anything there because it's still compiling but once it has finished we
will see that there will be an extra thing here.
We shall allows us to set whatever we want.
Here we go.
Here is target your and it's currently got a value of 0 0 0 is not particularly an open door is it in
this particular case.
It's going to be set at zero and therefore it wouldn't open.
So one of the things that I will say at this point in time is having an initial value at that point
is in fact quite important because you don't want to rely on someone coming in and setting a value of
what open door means.
It's fine for someone to come in and tweak it but having it set is zero as this as the default is just
not worth it.
So we can come back into our code here and set our target your to 90 as default.
Now the other thing that we need to consider at this point is that we've also got some hard coding in
so at the moment it doesn't matter what we set our target your to because we're changing it over here.
So this is where we can change this bit of code we don't need that anymore.
Our target your will now be what ever the initial your is plus what ever is here so that we'll be 90
by default or whatever the use of the end level Ed design is going to actually set.
So this is going to be plus targets your or we could have that the other way round which should be target
your plus initial your likes.
So there is a another way to write this.
So I'm just going to comment that out for reference if nothing else and then I'll show you that we could
go the target your itself plus equals the initial your the plus an equals together is known as a compound
assignment operator.
So that's shorthand for what we've just written.
Afterwards if you want the target your to be the target you're itself plus the initial yaw or whatever
the second value is then you can write it in like.
So let's go ahead and save that.
We're not using any of this stuff commented out below at the moment.
So let's get rid of that keep our code nice and tight.
Okay.
So have all of that saved.
Let's go over into one real compile once more.
You see that the target your is set to zero.
There we go it's flicked over to 90 on this door as well if we go to the open door component is set
to 90.
But if we want this one hit only open 30 degrees we can now type that in.
And when we press play we can see that this one is only opened a little whereas this one has opened
a lot.
Having that customize ability that is absolutely brilliant and you may want to hint at someone that
this door can be opened over perhaps you want them to see through the door or something.
Although these big holes here kind of help out with that anyway.
OK.
So there we go.
I'm going to use the dropdown and build the lighting only in this particular case to just solidify all
the changes that I've made.
Now our level's really coming on here we've managed to sort out some of those initial problems and this
is the sort of thing that will come up time and time again when you're designing your level find a problem
fix it move on and there we go brilliant.
You can see the power of few properties here being able to expose parts of your code in the editor and
being able to customize different doors in this case to do different things.
And for instance later on when we've got a pressure plate that's going to open the door being able to
expose an items White is going to be a really useful thing to do because then we don't have to keep
diving back into the code to change items weights anyway that's enough for this lecture and I'll see
you all in the next one.